Welcome to TubeDB! This is Team BugBusters' final project for CIS5500.

Description of Website Application and Features
Login: This page will serve as the landing page upon loading TubeDB and will allow the user to log into the web application. This page will display team information and is different from other pages due to not displaying any information from datasets.
 
Trending Videos: After completing the login process, the user will be redirected to this page, which will display trending YouTube videos that are clickable and linked to a specific individual page for each video. This trending videos page will display random videos at the onset and will have the feature to allow an user to search for specific trending videos according to desired query parameters such as category, trending date, and the number of video likes, as well as complex queries involving YouTube channel data such as channel subscribers. The user will also be able to load additional videos and scroll through results. This page differs from other pages by focusing on searches of trending YouTube videos.
 
Top Channels: This page will allow a user to search for a specific channel's statistical data. Users may be redirected here by a link from the home page, or can search using desired query parameters. When a channel is selected, a detail card will display channel data including the channel image, channel statistics, and all trending videos from the channel (including video thumbnails, which when clicked will take you to the video’s trending page). This page differs from other pages by focusing on user searches of YouTube channels.
 
Video Player and Details: Whenever a user clicks on a video thumbnail image, the user will be redirected to the specific page for that video. This page will include an embedded video player where the user can watch the video using YouTube’s standard controls (play, pause, subtitles, etc) or favorite for later viewing. This page displays details such as likes, views, video description, and trending statistics for the video such as a Google geochart of the countries where the video was trending, and a Gantt chart with the dates when the video was trending per country. This page is unique in that it features the video player and visual charts of video details.

Favorites: This page displays videos that the user has favorited (clicked on the favorite button in the individual video page). Additionally, the page will display 12 different videos as a recommendation to the user based on the category of the first video that the user added to favorites. This page is unique in that no other page displays the user’s favorite videos or TubeDB recommended videos.
